c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\en.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\fr.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\lv.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\pl.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\pt-br.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\ro.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\ru.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\sl.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\tr.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\ua.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\lang\zh-Hans.json
C:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\TeleportKill.deps.json
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\TeleportKill.dll
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\TeleportKill\TeleportKill.pdb
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.dll
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\refint\TeleportKill.dll
c:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\TeleportKill.pdb
C:\Users\rodop\Pictures\RodoCodes\CS2 E DISCORD\CS2\KillTp\obj\Debug\ref\TeleportKill.dll
